[EDU-5800] Vuepress Templates Collection guide (#1401)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/vuepress-templates-collection.mdx

---
title: How to deploy a web application based on VuePress using templates
description: >-

>   This guide contains instructions to create a web application using templates based on VuePress.

Author: ```suggestion
  This guide contains instructions to deploy a web application using templates based on VuePress.
```

meta_tags: >-
  VuePress, blog, templates, guides, Azion Marketplace, deployment, static site
namespace: docs_guides_vuepress_templates_collection
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/vuepress-templates-collection/
---

import LinkButton from 'azion-webkit/linkbutton';
import Tag from 'primevue/tag';

<Tag severity="info" client:only="vue">
Preview
</Tag>

The **VuePress Templates** collection offers configurations for building web applications using templates. These templates are all based on the **VuePress** framework.

The available templates are:

- **VuePress Blog with Hope Theme**: create a VuePress-based blog with the Hope Theme. It uses version `2.0.0` of VuePress.
- **VuePress Docs with Hope Theme**: create a VuePress-based documentation website. It uses version `2.0.0` of VuePress.

> - **VuePress Moefy**: create a VuePress website with animations.. It uses versions `1.9.9` of VuePress.
> - **VuePress Live2D Plus**: create a VuePress documentation website. It uses versions `2.0.0` of VuePress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **VuePress Moefy**: create a VuePress website with animations. It uses version `1.9.9` of VuePress.
- **VuePress Live2D Plus**: create a VuePress documentation website. It uses version `2.0.0` of VuePress.
```

> - **VuePress Solid**: create a beautiful static site with VuePress.. It uses versions `2.0.0` of VuePress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **VuePress Solid**: create a static site with VuePress. It uses version `2.0.0` of VuePress.
```

> The deployment process for each of these templates creates a GitHub repository for your project, along with an edge application and a domain. This setup enables easy access and management of your e-commerce application through the Azion Edge Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment process for each of these templates creates a GitHub repository for your project, along with an edge application and a domain. This setup enables easy access and management of your VuePress application through the Azion Edge Platform.
```

---

## Deploying the template

You can obtain and configure your templates through the Azion Console. To easily deploy any of them at the edge, click the respective button below.

<LinkButton
    label="Deploy VuePress Blog with Hope Theme"
    link="https://console.azion.com/create/azion-community/vuepress-blog-hope"
    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
/>
<LinkButton
    label="Deploy VuePress Docs with Hope Theme"
    link="https://console.azion.com/create/azion-community/vuepress-docs-hope"
    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
/>
<LinkButton
    label="Deploy VuePress Moefy"
    link="https://console.azion.com/create/azion-community/vuepress-moefy"
    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
/>
<LinkButton
    label="Deploy VuePress Live2D Plus"
    link="https://console.azion.com/create/azion-community/vuepress-live2d-plus"
    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
/>
<LinkButton
    label="Deploy VuePress Solid"
    link="https://console.azion.com/create/azion-community/vuepress-solid"
    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
/>

---

## Setting up the template

> In the configuration form, you must provide the information to configure your application. Fill in the presented fields. 

Author: ```suggestion
In the configuration form, you must provide the information to set up your application. Fill in the presented fields. 
```
